TASK 1: Respuesta: Egress

Task 2: Crear una VPC con el "Wizard" (opción "VPC and more") en una sola zona de disponibilidad, dejar todo lo demás default. 

Task 3: 

- Create a Transit Gateway

1. In the VPC Console select Transit Gateway from the left-hand menu
2. Select Create transit gateway
3. Give your transit gateway a name like egress-tgw, and a description
4. Ignore the ASN and deselect VPN ECMP support
5. Select Create transit gateway

- Create Transit Gateway Attachment for VPC A

1. Navigate to Transit gateway attachments on the left-hand menu
2. Select Create transit gateway attachment
3. Give this attachment a name like vpc-a-tgw
4. Select the transit gateway you just created from the Transit gateway ID dropdown
5. Leave attachment type set to VPC
6. Select the vpc that starts with a-vpc in its name in the brackets
7. Under Subnet IDs ensure that the a-private-subnet is selected from the subnet dropdown
8. Select Create transit gateway attachment

Repeat the same steps to create Transit Gateway Attachments in VPC B and your egress VPC. All attachments should be created in the private subnet.

- Adjust private Route Tables in the two service VPCs

1. Navigate to Route tables in the left-hand menu
2. Tick the box for route table a-private-route-table
3. Select the Routes tab in the middle of the screen
4. Select Edit routes
5. Press the X next to Target NAT Gateway in the 0.0.0.0/0 route to deselect it
6. Select Transit Gateway from the drop down list and select the attachment (vpc-a-tgw)
7. Select Save changes

Repeat these steps for route table b-private-route-table.

- Add a route for return internet traffic to the service VPCs

1. Tick the box next to the egress VPC public route table. Depending on what you called your VPC this will be called egress-rtb-public.
2. Select the Routes tab
3. Select Edit routes

If your egress VPC CIDR is 192.168.0.0/0 then

1. Select Add route
2. Enter 10.0.0.0/8 as the destination
3. Select Transit Gateway from the Target drop down and select the attachement to the Transit Gateway
4. Select Save Changes

If your egress VPC CIDR is another 10.?.?.?/16 then add routes for each service VPC. This is not ideal since this route table will need to be changed when adding more VPCs:

1. Select Add route
2. Enter 10.1.0.0/16 as the destination
3. Select Transit Gateway from the Target drop down and select the attachement to the Transit Gateway
4. Select Add route
5. Enter 10.2.0.0/16 as the destination
6. Select Transit Gateway from the Target drop down and select the attachement to the Transit Gateway
7. Select Save Changes

- Add static route to egress VPC for internet traffic

1. Navigate to Transit gateway route tables in the left-hand menu
2. Tick the box next to the route table already created for the Transit Gateway
3. Select Routes
4. Select Create static route
5. Enter 0.0.0.0/0 as the CIDR
6. Select the egress attachment from the dropdown
7. Select Create static route

- Validate your network

Copy the Transit gateway ID from the route table screen, or navigate back to Transit gateways and copy it from there
The id should start with tgw-
Paste into the challenge validation and press Submit Answer

Task 4:

Borrar lo siguiente:

- NAT Gateways de las VPCs A y B
- Internet Gateways de las VPCs A y B
- Route Tables publicas de las VPCs A y B
- Subredes públicas de las VPCs A y B